= FiveRuns Dash recipe for Ruby on Rails

Provides a Ruby API to push metrics from a Rails app to the FiveRuns Dash service, http://dash.fiveruns.com, currently in beta.

You'll need a Dash account before using this library.

== Installation

This library is released as a gem from the official repository at http://github.com/fiveruns/dash-rails

  sudo gem install fiveruns-dash-rails --source 'http://gems.github.com'

== Usage

See the Ruby Language Guide http://dash.fiveruns.com/help/ruby.html for information on how to use this library. 

== Authors

The FiveRuns Development Team & Dash community

== Dependencies

* The fiveruns-dash-ruby gem (see http://github.com/fiveruns/dash-ruby)
* The json gem (as a dependency for fiveruns-dash-ruby)

== Verifying your setup

Once you've configured your app for Dash, you can run the following command to make sure everything is in order:

  script/runner 'Fiveruns::Dash::Rails.verify'

This will make sure dash-rails is properly loaded, there are no known compatibility problems and that you've properly set your token and your app can communicate with the Dash servers.

== Rails versions

Dash has been tested with Rails 2.2 and 2.1.  It may (or may not) work with Rails 2.0 applications.

We have verified an incompatibility that occurs when the +json+ gem is unpacked. The recommended workaround is to use a localized +GEM_HOME+ or a system gem.

== Platforms

This library has only been tested on OSX and Linux.  See the notes for fiveruns-dash-ruby for more information: http://github.com/fiveruns/dash-ruby

== Contributing

As an open source project, we welcome community contributions!

The best way to contribute is by sending pull requests via GitHub.  The official repository for this project is:

  http://github.com/fiveruns/dash-rails

== Support

Please join the dash-users Google group, http://groups.google.com/group/dash-users

You can also contact us via Twitter, Campfire, or email; see the main help page, http://dash.fiveruns.com/help, for details.

== License

  # (The FiveRuns License)
  #
  # Copyright (c) 2006-2008 FiveRuns Corporation
  # 
  # Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
  # a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
  # 'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
  # without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
  # distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
  # permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
  # the following conditions:
  # 
  # The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
  # included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
  # 
  # THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
  # EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
  # MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
  # IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
  # CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
  # TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
  # SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.